about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

I am Bowen Li, Data Scientist at Vpon, enjoying breaking down hard business problems and finding solutions with real-world massive datasets by tailoring machine learning models, to extract insights and build data products.

The best email address to contact me is bowen0701 at gmail.com.

## Research Interests

- Time-to-Event Modeling
- Machine Learning
- Online Advertising
- Recommender Systems
- Algorithms & Data Structure
- Online Experiments

## Experiences

- 2016--now: Staff Data Scientist, Vpon
- 2015--2016: Staff Data Scientist, KKBOX
- 2014--2015: Postdoctoral Researcher, Statistics, Academia Sinica
- 2006--2009: Principal Statistician, Macronix
- 2006--2006: Senior Industrial Engineer, UMC

## Education

- 2009--2014: PhD in Statistics, National Chiao Tung University
- 2002--2004: MS in Statistics, National Central University
- 1998--2002: BS in Industrial Engineering, National Tsing Hua University

## Awards

- Winner of Ph.D. Dissertation Award, University System of Taiwan’s Statistics Conference 2014.

## Publications

- C.-H. Huang, B. Li, C.-M. Chen, W. Wang, and Y.-H. Chen (2016). [Subdistribution regression for recurrent events under competing risks: with application to shunt thrombosis study in dialysis patients.](http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s12561-016-9161-0). Statistics in Biosciences.
- B. Li (2014). [Nonparametric marginal analysis of recurrent events data under competing risks.](https://arxiv.org/abs/1707.01822) PhD Dissertation, National Chiao Tung University.

## Talks

- Marginal inference on recurrent events data under competing risks. [ERCIM Conference 2014](http://cmstatistics.org/ERCIM2014/index.php), University of Pisa, Italy, 2014/12/06.
- Introductory analysis of competing risks data. Biostatistics Center, Taipei Medical University, 2014/10/27.
- Nonparametric marginal analysis of recurrent events data under competing risks. University System of Taiwan-Statistics Conference 2014, National Chiao Tung University, 2014/5/24.

Launched on 2016/09/10.

Commit message:

Revise to data structures and intro from Hokaido

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

I am Bowen Li, Data Scientist at Vpon and a hybird of researcher/engineer, enjoying breaking down hard business problems and finding solutions with real-world massive datasets by tailoring machine learning models, to extract insights and build data products.

The best email address to contact me is bowen0701 at gmail.com.

## Research Interests

- Time-to-Event Modeling
- Machine Learning
- Online Advertising
- Recommender Systems
- Algorithms & Data Structures
- Online Experiments

## Experiences

- 2016--now: Staff Data Scientist, Vpon
- 2015--2016: Staff Data Scientist, KKBOX
- 2014--2015: Postdoctoral Researcher, Statistics, Academia Sinica
- 2006--2009: Principal Statistician, Macronix
- 2006--2006: Senior Industrial Engineer, UMC

## Education

- 2009--2014: PhD in Statistics, National Chiao Tung University
- 2002--2004: MS in Statistics, National Central University
- 1998--2002: BS in Industrial Engineering, National Tsing Hua University

## Awards

- Winner of Ph.D. Dissertation Award, University System of Taiwan’s Statistics Conference 2014.

## Publications

- C.-H. Huang, B. Li, C.-M. Chen, W. Wang, and Y.-H. Chen (2016). [Subdistribution regression for recurrent events under competing risks: with application to shunt thrombosis study in dialysis patients.](http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s12561-016-9161-0). Statistics in Biosciences.
- B. Li (2014). [Nonparametric marginal analysis of recurrent events data under competing risks.](https://arxiv.org/abs/1707.01822) PhD Dissertation, National Chiao Tung University.

## Talks

- Marginal inference on recurrent events data under competing risks. [ERCIM Conference 2014](http://cmstatistics.org/ERCIM2014/index.php), University of Pisa, Italy, 2014/12/06.
- Introductory analysis of competing risks data. Biostatistics Center, Taipei Medical University, 2014/10/27.
- Nonparametric marginal analysis of recurrent events data under competing risks. University System of Taiwan-Statistics Conference 2014, National Chiao Tung University, 2014/5/24.

Launched on 2016/09/10.
